feat(plugins): support ConfigMap inline local plugins alongside hostPath (#1492)
containous/traefik-helm-chart: EXAMPLES.md

>[!IMPORTANT]
> When using ``hostPath`` volumes, the plugin source code must be available on every node where Traefik pods might be scheduled.

### Using Inline Plugin

For testing or production deployments, embed plugin source directly in values.yaml:

```yaml
experimental:
  localPlugins:
    prodplugin:
      moduleName: github.com/example/prodplugin
      mountPath: /plugins-local/src/github.com/example/prodplugin
      inlinePlugin:
        go.mod: |
          module github.com/example/prodplugin
          go 1.23
        .traefik.yml: |
          displayName: Your Traefik Plugin
          type: middleware
          // Your plugin settings
          import: github.com/example/prodplugin
        main.go: |
          package main

>           // Your plugin implementation

Author: Also pasting the hello world working example here for convenience:

```yaml
experimental:
  localPlugins:
    helloworld-plugin:
      moduleName: github.com/example/helloworldplugin
      mountPath: /plugins-local/src/github.com/example/helloworldplugin
      inlinePlugin:
        go.mod: |
          module github.com/example/helloworldplugin

          go 1.23
        .traefik.yml: |
          displayName: Hello World Plugin
          type: middleware

          import: github.com/example/helloworldplugin

          summary: |
            This is a simple plugin that prints "Hello, World!" to the response.

          testData:
            message: "Hello, World!"
        main.go: |
          package helloworldplugin

          import (
            "context"
            "net/http"
          )

          type Config struct{}

          func CreateConfig() *Config {
            return &Config{}
          }

          type HelloWorld struct {
            next http.Handler
          }

          func New(ctx context.Context, next http.Handler, config *Config, name string) (http.Handler, error) {
            return &HelloWorld{next: next}, nil
          }

          func (h *HelloWorld) ServeHTTP(rw http.ResponseWriter, req *http.Request) {
            rw.Write([]byte("Hello, World!"))
            h.next.ServeHTTP(rw, req)
          }
```

>[!IMPORTANT]
> When using ``hostPath`` volumes, the plugin source code must be available on every node where Traefik pods might be scheduled.

### Using Inline Plugin

> For testing or production deployments, embed plugin source directly in values.yaml:

Author: @darkweaver87 thanks for looking into it, just did in https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart/pull/1492/commits/eb1cfaf2ffd52755cbde3f90e10b0793c2ec281d

To develop or test plugins without pushing them to a public registry, you can load plugin source code directly from your local filesystem.

>[!WARNING]
> The legacy `hostPath` configuration at the `experimental.localPlugins` level is deprecated. Please use the new structured `experimental.localPlugins.<yourplugin>.type` configuration for better organization and future features.

### Legacy Configuration (Backward Compatibility)

>[!WARNING]
> This legacy `hostPath` configuration is deprecated and will be removed in the next major version. Please migrate to the structured `type` configuration below.

```yaml
experimental:
  localPlugins:
    legacy-demo:
      moduleName: github.com/traefik/legacydemo
      mountPath: /plugins-local/src/github.com/traefik/legacydemo
      hostPath: /path/to/plugin-source  # ⚠️ Deprecated - use type: hostPath instead
```

## Structured Local Plugins (Current Approach)

The `localPlugins` configuration supports a structured `experimental.localPlugins.<yourplugin>.type` approach that provides better organization, security, and flexibility:

> ### Using Inline Plugin (Recommended for small/medium plugins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Inline Plugin

> [!NOTE]  
> Can be used with small or medium plugins
```

          go 1.23
        .traefik.yml: |
          displayName: Hello World Plugin
          type: middleware

          import: github.com/example/helloworldplugin

          summary: |
            This is a simple plugin that prints "Hello, World!" to the response.

          testData:
            message: "Hello, World!"
        main.go: |
          package helloworldplugin

          import (
            "context"
            "net/http"
          )

          type Config struct{}

          func CreateConfig() *Config {
            return &Config{}
          }

          type HelloWorld struct {
            next http.Handler
          }

          func New(ctx context.Context, next http.Handler, config *Config, name string) (http.Handler, error) {
            return &HelloWorld{next: next}, nil
          }

          func (h *HelloWorld) ServeHTTP(rw http.ResponseWriter, req *http.Request) {
            rw.Write([]byte("Hello, World!"))
            h.next.ServeHTTP(rw, req)
          }
```

> **Advantages**: Secure (no host filesystem access), portable, version controlled with Helm values, supports up to 1MB of plugin code.

> ### Using Host Path Plugin (Use with Caution)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Host Path Plugin
